what is been involved in a so great on
to the end I know hi Suzanne you're so
cute haha thank you so much i love a
thing about my sister involved that
makes me extra happy come on here I have
two little friends affected a my nephew
and my t see my daughter I'm assuming
that there's an envelope first okay
okay I think these are all the places
that the names of the people not
recognizing all these names on the
itty-bitty nits grew and oh my gosh and
now all the places the that people send
stuff from that's really cool i'll look
at that I got oh my gosh I got chocolate
so this is the a whole stack up oh
that's sweet
so we can feel like crying thank you
very much very sweet oh my gosh America
it's so big
oh my gosh is it fun Chloe is it me itís
funny movie it is it's beautiful oh my
gosh that is the best thing I've ever
seen oh my goodness oh oh my gosh it's
beautiful oh my goodness thank you so
much time don't even have the
words thank you and its enormous yeah
yeah let's hold our washing I'll read
every card and I thank you so much it's
beautiful oh my gosh family size its
just oh my gosh thank you so much
everybody you have no idea how much that
means to me thank you